---
title: You’re never coming back?
num: 7
writtenOn: 12 March 2023
---

Jason’s heart dropped as he walked back to his room, slamming the door. The music was still playing and the dishes were still on the table. Jason just laid down on his bed, not bothering to turn on the lights or at least get ready for bed. He couldn’t move. All the dreams of him and Cinta, gone into thin air. 8th grade Jason and college Jason both feeling disappointment in their hearts, not knowing how to feel after seeing how Cinta had reacted. Cinta walking out of the door kept replaying in Jason’s mind, feeling more empty each time the scene played. He had hoped for too much and bit off more than he could chew. He soon drifted into deep sleep, trying to forget the anxious and painful feeling in his chest, just wanting the world to go away.

The sound of his alarm rang at 8 a.m, reminding him of his morning classes with Cinta and Jovan. He couldn’t bare to see her again, but had no choice because unfortunately, the classes he had that day are all required to take to pass the semester. He grabbed his bag and changed his nice buttoned up shirt with a hoodie he found on the floor. He sighed, rubbing his eyes that were swelled up from the tears. He took his bike right outside his dorm and remembered when he and Cinta rode his bike together in the park. “Slow down! You bike so recklessly, my God.” Cinta said, laughing in between words while hugging Jason’s waist tightly to prevent herself from falling.

Jason felt tears build up and decided to plug in his airpods and listen to his playlist while biking to campus. It was a 10 minute ride but he got there earlier. He walked into class and sat next to Jovan, who immediately knew there was something wrong. “Dude you okay? What happened yesterday? You weren’t returning my texts.” Jovan patted Jason’s back while Jason lays on his desk, putting on his hood and refusing to acknowledge Jovan. Jovan knew this was a sign to just keep quiet since Jason was clearly not in a good mood.

The lecture was starting and Jason still slumped over his desk, feeling more heartbreak when he realized Cinta was absent today. Jason barely paid attention to the lecture, sometimes just looking at his phone and wondering whether to text Cinta or not. Soon the bell rang, meaning it was time for next period. Jason just wanted to be alone, so he skipped and snuck into the music room. He only told Jovan about his whereabouts and sat down on the grand piano kept there.

He played “Goodbye To A World” by Porter Robinson to forget his sorrows but soon heard the door open. He sighed but then felt his heart stop when he saw it was Cinta that had walked in. She slowly walked towards a stunned Jason and sat next to him on the piano seat. “Why are you here? And how did you know I was here?” Jason asked, confused and anxious.

“Jovan told me. I think you deserve an explanation on why I ran away yesterday. I’m sorry. But, I’m not ready. I don’t want to ruin what we have, how I feel about you. But I can’t love you that way. I need to figure myself out first before I can figure out how to love you. I got scared. Don’t think I hate you now, I just, I-I’m not so sure if I can handle it. Handle being with you. I thought about avoiding you but I can’t bare the thought of losing you. It took me a lot to talk to you about this, but I don’t love you, I don’t mean that I hate you or don’t enjoy your company, but I don’t love you as in I can’t love you romantically. I wanted to tell you this because I got a surprise student exchange letter to study in Switzerland for the semester. I want to love you, I want to be yours but, long distance will never work. I tried to tell you these past few weeks but we were so happy, that I didn’t want to spoil the moment by telling you I’m leaving, and that theres a chance I won’t come back for the next few years until I graduate. I have the choice to come back here after a year of studying abroad but, I don’t think I will. I don’t want to lose you, so I still want to keep in touch, but I can’t handle something more than just friends. So, this is my goodbye, maybe until a few more years. If fate brings us back, I promise I’ll give us a chance. i’m leaving for my flight tomorrow at 10 p.m. If you would like, you could see me one last time at the airport.”

Cinta’s eyes were teary, holding Jason’s hand as she told him everything. She was shaking, he was too. “So, what you mean is, you’re leaving for possibly forever? You’re never coming back?” Jason asked, softly and painfully. “There’s a chance I won’t come back. But I promise I’ll try to come back to you at least once again after this.” Cinta held Jason’s cheek and kissed it, before getting up and saying goodbye while tears in her eyes rain down her face. Jason still couldn’t move, knowing the girl he loves is leaving, and it might be goodbye forever.